Add ability to request and set multiple translated product fields at once (#185)
openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-dart: DOCUMENTATION.md

print("Upload was successful");
```

## Notes on languages mechanics.

TL;DR: use the "..InLangs" fields if you intend to display products data in
specific language(s). You __must__ use the "..InLangs" fields if you intend
to update products. Otherwise you might accidentally corrupt products by
overwriting proper-language data with improper-language data.

See detailed explanation and examples below.

### Detailed explanation of languages mechanics.

Most of end-user facing apps want to display products data to a user in
the language(s) the user understands.
In order for a developer to properly implement multilingual Open Food Facts
usage, the developer might want to understand how Open Food Facts works with
languages.

Here are main concepts.

Products in Open Food Facts can have some of their fields in multiple
languages. Such fields are of 2 types:

> 1. Fields with info taken directly from product packaging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Text fields with info taken directly from product packaging
```

   (like product name and ingredients list). Such fields generally are
   not touched by the backend and are stored in the DB exactly as they
   were sent.

> 2. Fields with meta-information (like list countries where the product is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Lists of tags with meta-information (like list countries where the product is
```
